Supertux Release 0.3.5 (TBA)
--------------------------------

Tracking major changes in-situ:
glow effects
new badguys: iceflame, ghostflame, livefire, goldbomb, smartblock
new bonuses: coinrain, coinexplode
statistics improved
icy island levels tweaked
new sounds
massive improvements to localization
efficiency tweaks
move to SDL2
menus reworked
addon manager improved
new tilemap- halloween
new powerups: air- and earth-flower

Supertux Release 0.3.4 (2013-07)
--------------------------------

It's been more than three years since the last development snapshot for
Milestone 2 of SuperTux, making this a bit overdue.  Once again it is hard to
say what the most notable changes are, but one thing players should notice is
a greater wealth of levels to play through an expanded avalibility of add-ons.

Additionally, SuperTux development has moved to Google Code.  Check it out at:

  http://code.google.com/p/supertux/

If you are intersted in contribuiting to SuperTux, please do so.  The more
people working on the project, the faster development can continue.  The hope
is that this release will generate more interest which will lead to more
frequent releases.  You can refer to the wiki page on "Contributing" to get
started:

  http://supertux.lethargik.org/wiki/Contributing

And of course, enjoy the game and have fun!



Supertux Release 0.3.3 (2010-02-26)
-----------------------------------

After more than three years of development the SuperTux development team has
agreed to package a development snapshot of Milestone 2 of our jump and run
game.

Unfortunatly, after such a long time it's hard to say what the most notable
changes are. We hope that the game engine is more stable (or at least more
advanced ;) and that the game is more fun to play overall.

If you want to help improve SuperTux, please don't hesitate to join us. We're
always looking for interested people to design levels, graphics, test the
current development version and / or contribute code. To get in touch with us,
please refer to the "Contact" wiki page in the SuperTux wiki,

  http://supertux.lethargik.org/wiki/Contact

We hope you enjoy SuperTux. Now off you go, rescue Penny! ;)



Supertux Release 0.3.2-SVN (2007-12-20)
---------------------------------------

Just in time for Christmas, we bring you SuperTux 0.3.2-SVN, a preview
of SuperTux Milestone 2.

This build doesn't contain all levels planned for Milestone 2 and
its story is by no means complete, but the game is already fun to
play.

SuperTux 0.3.2-SVN features:

    * new, OpenGL- and OpenAL-based engine
    * final boss for Icy Island
    * brand new Forest World with new badguys and new game objects
    * new and improved soundtrack, immersive sound effects
    * much more...

The changes in more detail: The SuperTux 0.1 engine was nearly
completely rewritten. The game is translatable now, a new camera
algorithm allows scrolling in all four directions. Collision
detection supports slopes and moving objects now. We have scripting
support for dynamic level events and animations. New game objects
include trampolines, switches, portable stones, upside-down
levels, wind, moving platforms and particle effects. The sound
system is now OpenAL-based with an improved soundtrack now played
from Ogg/Vorbis-files, which were pre-rendered on a high-class
synthesizer.

This is also a call for artists and coders: If you like the game in
its current state, join us and help us finish Milestone 2!

